Question1:Create a class named Vehicle that show the name of the vehicle and then create a sub class named car that displays the brand of the car and then create another subclass of class Car named carModel that displays the Model Number of a vehicle.

Implement these classes to get the type brand and  model of a vehicle using single object instantiated.

Question2:Create a class named vehicle that has function named honk(),and a subclass named car that is used to display the information of a class.
Use derive class to call the function of both parent and child class

Question3:Create a class Person that has two memeber varaible named firstname,lastname that is declared in the constructor and a member functio getname() to show the complete name of a person.
now create a subclass Employee that will display the inofrmation of a person by first displaying the fullname from getname() method and then show the job title.
Hint:uses super keywords to call the properties of the parent class.
let employee = new Employee('Ayesha', 
        'Malik', 'Software Developer');
          
employee.displayInfo();

Question4:Clearing OOP conecpt with real life example
 If you had a class called “Expensive Cars,” it could contain objects like Mercedes, BMW, Toyota, and so on.
 The price or speed of these autos could be one of its attributes (data). Driving, reversing, braking, and other techniques can be used with these vehicles.
Similarly create a class by taking some real life example,add its dta memebers,functions and indentify and object to be defines as an instance of a class.


Question5:Create an Abstract class Student that contains a method take  exam, implement themethod in the  child  classes  PhdStudent  and  GradStudent  in  which PhdStudent  takesexam  by giving his final defense presentation while the graduate student gives a writtenpaper

Question6:Create a class named Pizza that stores information about a single pizza. It should containthe following:    Private  instance  variables  to  store  the  size  of  the  pizza  (either  small,  medium,or large), the  number of  cheese toppings, the number of pepperoni toppings, andthe number of ham toppings.
  Constructor(s) that set all of the instance variables. 
  Public methods to get and set the instance variables. 
  A public method named calcCost( ) that returns a double that is the cost of the pizza.
Pizza cost is determined by: Small: $10 + $2 per topping Medium: $12 + $2 per topping Large: $14 + $2 per topping  
   public method named getDescription( ) that returns a String containing the pizzasize, quantity of each topping.  

 Write test code to create several pizzas and output their descriptions. For example, alarge pizza with one cheese, one pepperoni and two ham toppings should cost a total of$22.

Next step:
Now Create a PizzaOrder class that allows up to three pizzas to be saved in an order.Each pizza saved should be a Pizza object. Create a method  calcTotal() that returns thecost of  order. In the runner order two pizzas and return the total cost

Question7:Write a program by creating an 'Employee' class having the following methods and printthe final salary. 
1 - 'getInfo()' which takes the salary, number of hours of work per day of employee asparameter2  
2 -   'AddSal()'   which   adds   $10   to   salary   of   the   employee   if   it   is   less   than   $500.3 
3- 'AddWork()' which adds $5 to salary of employee if the number of hours of work perday is more than 6 hours

Question8:
Create a class called 'Matrix' containing constructor that initializes the number of rows and number of columns of a new Matrix object.
 The Matrix class has the following information:
1.number of rows of matrix
2 number of columns of matrix
3 - elements of matrix in the form of 2D array

The Matrix class has methods for each of the following:
1 - get the number of rows
2 - get the number of columns
3 - set the elements of the matrix at given position (i,j)
4 - adding two matrices. If the matrices are not addable, "Matrices cannot be added" will be displayed.
5 - multiplying the two matrices

Question9:Write a program that has variables to store Car data like; CarModel, CarName, CarPriceand CarOwner. The program should include functions to assign user defined values tothe above mentioned variable and a display function to show the values. Write a main that   calls   these   functions.  Now   write   another   runner   class   that   declares   three   Carobjects and displays the data of all three.

Question 10. A Student is an object in a university management System. Analyze the concept and identify the data members   that   a   Student   class   should   have.   Also   analyze   thebehavior   of  student  in   a   university management System and identify the methods that should be included in Student class
